A child holding a flowered umbrella and petting a yak.
A young man holding an umbrella next to a herd of cattle.
a young boy barefoot holding an umbrella touching the horn of a cow
A young boy with an umbrella who is touching the horn of a cow.
A boy holding an umbrella while standing next to livestock.
A narrow kitchen filled with appliances and cooking utensils.
A galley kitchen with cabinets and appliances on both sides
A hallway leading into a white kitchen with appliances.
Doorway view of a kitchen with a sink, stove, refrigerator and pantry.
The pantry door of the small kitchen is closed.
A little girl holding a kitten next to a blue fence.
Girl in a tank top holding a kitten in her back yard
A young girl is holding a small cat.
Girl with a yellow shirt holding a small cat
A girl smiles as she holds a kitty cat.
A toilet sitting in a bathroom next to a sink.
A toilet in a bathroom with green faded paint.
A bathroom with a gouged wall and wall socket with no panel. 
The toilet is near the door in the bathroom.
The bathroom wall needs to be resurfaced and painted.
There are two sinks next to two mirrors.
Two very metallic sinks are shown as well as the mirrors above them.
A room with stainless steel equipment including sinks and mirrors.
Two stainless steel sinks with mirrors and a fire extinguisher. 
A photo of a bathroom made of steel.
A woman rides a bicycle on a road next to the median.
A girl is riding her bike down the street.
A lady riding her bicycle on the side of a street.
A person on a bike riding on a street.
A woman riding a bike down a street next to a divider.
A bath tub sitting next to a sink in a bathroom.
The bathroom is clean and ready for us to use.
a bath tub sitting next to a sink 
A bathroom that has a shower curtain over a bathtub.
A bathroom with multicolored tile, bathtub and pedestal sink.
A row of parked cars sitting next to parking meters.
A row of cars parked on a street with parking meters.
A series of parking meters and cars are located next to each other. 
A parking meter on a street by a car with traffic.
A parking meter on a street with cars
An elegant bathroom features a tub, sink, mirror, and decorations. 
An old fashion above ground tub is shown with gold feet.
A lovely, vintage-styled bathroom with a great claw-footed tub. 
Bathroom with a pedestal sink and claw foot bathtub
A claw foot tub is in a large bathroom near a pedestal sink.
A red helmet is on a yellow toilet in the dirt.
A yellow toilet with a red helmet on top of it.
A yellow toilet with a red helmet above it.
A toilet sitting in an outdoor area with a helmet resting on top of it.
An old toilet sits in dirt with a helmet on top.
A car with some surfboards in a field.
The old fashioned car is carrying some retro surfboards.
An old car with surfboards on the top.
An old vehicle painted light blue and dark blue.
An old station wagon with a surfboard on top of it.
A cat on the lid of a toilet looking perturbed.
A blurry picture of a cat standing on a toilet.
A cat standing on the toilet bowl seat
A cat is perched on the top of a toilet seat in the bathroom.
A cat standing on a toilet with an open lid.
An older building with birds flying near it.
A church with a high spire and decorative roof tiles.
A large clock tower towering over a small city.
Picture of a church and its tall steeple.
Birds fly around a tall building with a clock.
A woman is riding a motorcycle down the street.
A woman on a motorcycle wearing a bag and passing a car. 
A woman on a motor cycle on a city street
A woman on a motorcycle in the middle of the street.
A woman sits on her motorcycle in the street.
a person sitting at a desk with a keyboard and monitor 
a woman at her desk sits intently and happy
A woman sitting at a desk in her work station
The woman is working on her computer at the desk.
a woman is sitting in front of a desk
This is a case full of yellow bananas. 
Bananas a tightly packed and boxed for delivery to the market.
a bunch of bananas are packaged up in boxes
Bananas packed in cardboard box covered in plastic.
An unopened box full of perfectly ripe bananas.
A small airplane taking off from an airport runway.
A Curtiss P-40 Warhawk taxis along a runway.
A small airplane that is getting ready to take off from the runway. 
a small air plane getting ready to take off .
An airplane is about to fly into the sky. 
An airplane sits on the tarmac of an airport, with a disconnected boarding gate.
Plane boarding passengers while at a fancy airport
A plane sitting on a runway getting ready to be emptied.
THIS IS A AIRPLANE ON THE RUNWAY OF THE AIRPORT
A plan parked on the cement near a terminal.
a car is stopped in the street for people to cross
a white car is pulled up and stopped at a line
A car at an intersection while a man is crossing the street. 
a silver car under a signal light that is green with a man in the  crosswalk
A car that is sitting near a green street light.
A traffic signal sitting next to a street at night.
Traffic light at night, appearing very confusing. 
The electronic stop sign glows brightly at night time.
A variety of traffic lights and road signs.
There is a street light with two green arrows in different directions